What is the most common surname in the United States?
What year was the United Nations established?
What car manufacturer had the highest revenue in 2020?
How many ghosts chase Pac-Man at the start of each game?
What country drinks the most coffee per capita?
What is the 4th letter of the Greek alphabet?
Which planet has the most moons?
What country has won the most World Cups?
How many bones do we have in an ear?
What is the largest Spanish-speaking city in the world?
What city is known as "The Eternal City"?
Who was the last Tsar of Russia?
What company was originally called "Cadabra"?
Who was the Ancient Greek God of the Sun?
What country has the highest life expectancy?
What artist has the most streams on Spotify?
How many elements are in the periodic table?
How many faces does a Dodecahedron have?
What Renaissance artist is buried in Rome's Pantheon?
Which planet in the Milky Way is the hottest?
Who discovered that the earth revolves around the sun? 
In what country would you find Mount Kilimanjaro?
Which is the only body part that is fully grown from birth?
What is acrophobia a fear of?
What country has the most islands?
How many hearts does an octopus have?
In what US state is the country's busiest airport located?
Where is the strongest human muscle located?
What phone company produced the 3310?
What is the only continent with land in all four hemispheres?
Where is Angel Falls, the world’s largest waterfall, located?
On what continent would you find the world’s largest desert?
How many European capitals does the Danube flow through?
What is the capital of Canada?
In what capital would you find The Little Mermaid statue?
On what continent would you find the city of Baku?
What is the only flag that does not have four sides?
How many stars are on the Chinese flag?
Which country features a shipwreck on its national flag?
Who is the world’s highest-paid athlete in 2021?
What height is a regulation NBA basket?
In which part of your body would you find the cruciate ligament?
What is the currency of Denmark?
In which European country would you find the Rijksmuseum?
How many films have Al Pacino and Robert De Niro appeared in together?
What was the old name for a Snickers bar before it changed in 1990?
Who was the head of state in Japan during the second world war?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
How many human players are there on each side in a polo match?
How many times has England won the men's football World Cup?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
From what grain is the Japanese spirit Sake made?
Did you like the game? (Yes/No)